solve_operations_network: integrate all extendable links, not only DC (#244)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/release_notes.rst

* Fix: Value for ``co2base`` in ``config.yaml`` adjusted to 1.487e9 t CO2-eq (from 3.1e9 t CO2-eq). The new value represents emissions related to the electricity sector for EU+UK. The old value was ~2x too high and used when the emissions wildcard in ``{opts}`` was used.
* Add option to include marginal costs of links representing fuel cells, electrolysis, and battery inverters 
  [`#232 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/232>`_].

> * Bugfix in `solve_operations_network`: now operations network includes all extendable links, not only 'DC' [`#244 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/244>`_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bugfix in :mod:`solve_operations_network`: optimised capacities are now fixed for all extendable links, not only HVDC links [`#244 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/244>`_].
```
